good morning everyone I'm Katie Nolan
with your top headlines for Tuesday May
first Whitney Houston's getting stoned
and we play a fun game of where is this
story going all that more on your guys
and speed round New York City senator
Tony Avella is pushing a bill that would
require businesses to provide English
language translations of foreign
language signs because the sign that
says we speak Spanish will be really
useful to someone who couldn't even read
we speak Spanish in Spanish Whitney
Houston's body is going to be encased in
concrete in order to keep thieves from
jacking the 750 thousand dollars worth
of diamonds that she's buried with
coincidentally it was 750 thousand
dollars worth of rocks that got her in
there in the first place so when you're
scouring the internet every day for
interesting news headlines sometimes you
just don't have the time or patience to
read an entire article and a lot of
times to be honest I will do jokes just
based off of a headline that I read
which is why I've chosen not to further
investigate good news for tired mom's
dummies don't interfere with
breastfeeding and will instead say when
you're pulling your boob out on public
transportation I can guarantee that
sentence not to be true let's play a
game called where does this story where
is the story going a man in Oklahoma was
pulled over for a routine traffic stop
he got out of the car the cop asked him
about a chemical II smell the man bolted
away the tastes him they had a
quick scuffle and then hey he was
arrested be he tripped and fell on his
face or see the portable meth lab he was
keeping in his pants exploded if you
guessed see you two have no faith in
humanity cuz that really happened I
guess if anything's gonna blow in your
pants after a homoerotic scuffle with a
cop it's better to be a portable meth
lab write some sort of science has found
that we lose an average of eight friends
when we break up with someone we were in
a long-term relationship with so that
means if things don't work out with me
and my dude I'm gonna have like
what's 4-8 negative is that do I have to
kill four people because I have a list
what it's been discovered that roughly
600 people on the Greek island of
Zakynthos is it Kent zakynthos I'm
probably butchering it I'm not Greek
commonly referred to as the Island of
the blind because of its high percentage
of blindness have been scamming the
government and collecting benefits and
they aren't really actually blind at all
sorry Chloe there goes the one place in
the world where you could be just as
pretty as every other Kardashian in the
ongoing argument stupid argument and the
ongoing stupid argument about whether or
not fast food advertisements make kids
fat researchers have found that kids
were able to identify chicken or a
hamburger are twice as likely to be
obese and four times as likely not to be
retarded silver lining this man has
shaved the Batman symbol into his face
hmm sorta looks like you're signaling to
Batman that you need him in your mouth
I'm just saying people are outraged of
transgender porn star jizz Lee gave a
speech at a new england college i have
literally nothing to say and no joke to
make i just wanted to mention that jizz
Lee is the best porn surname I've ever
heard in my life okay just a woman who
was left with a partially paralyzed face
after a sudden brain bleed a couple
years ago so she feels more beautiful
now than she ever did before Joan Rivers
said I get that hey you like money I
like money money today we're giving away
a two-hundred-dollar amazon gift card as
well as a free autographed copy of des
storms new album be careful so check out
the info description for how to win that
good luck
awkward segue and that's gonna do it for
your speed round guys if you enjoyed
this video please click the like button
share it with your friends comment down
below and subscribe to our channel and
if you have you have to laugh today then
right next to that link on how to win
all that money and stuff there will also
be a link to a video that will make you
laugh I'm sorry I let you down enjoy
your Tuesdays and I'll see you right
back here tomorrow fo hump day with more
headlines that you need to know no
cleavage but she has good taste in music
ho / penises are confused okay free
ebony my work